boards/seeedstudio-xiao-esp32c3: fix pin conflict (#21463)
RIOT-OS/RIOT: boards/seeedstudio-xiao-esp32c3/doc.md

@note The configuration of ADC channels contains all ESP32-C3 GPIOs that could
      be used as ADC channels.

@note The BUTTON0 conflicts with the SPI module.

>     To use the SPI module, use an [application-specific configuration](https://doc.riot-os.org/group__cpu__esp8266.html#esp8266_application_specific_configurations).
>     Redefine `BTN_PIN0` in to e.g. GPIO20 in a new `board.h` and include board.h in a new
>     `gpio_params.h`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use the SPI module, use an \ref esp32_application_specific_configurations "application-specific configuration".
    For example, to define GPIO20 as `BTN_PIN0` you could extend the `CFLAGS` make variable in the Makefile of your application:
    ```
    CFLAGS += -DBTN0_PIN=GPIO20
    ```
```

Author: That's a much cleaner approach that mine!

But still, this has to be done in every user makefile. I tried to tinker with the board makefile, but I failed to detect if periph_spi was used. Is that even possible?

Reviewer: In a makefile you could use
```
ifneq (,$(filter periph_spi, $USEMODULE))
  # ... SPI module is used
endif
```
to detect whether `periph_spi` is used. In a C source or header file you could just use:
```
#if MODULE_PERIPH_SPI
  /* conditional compilation or configuration */
#endif
```

Reviewer 2: ```make
ifneq (,$(filter periph_spi, $(USEMODULE)))
  # ... SPI module is used
endif
```

The brackets around USEMODULE are important for Make: `$(USEMODULE)` instead of `$USEMODULE`.

Reviewer: Yeah, of course.

Author: What you say is for an **application** makefile. But I meant: can we do the same in `boards/seeedstudio-xiao-esp32c3/Makefile`?

Author: I managed to fix the issue by recommending `CFLAGS += -DBTN0_PIN=GPIO_UNDEF` in the user makefile, which is cleaner that any pin other than the real one.

@note The configuration of ADC channels contains all ESP32-C3 GPIOs that could
      be used as ADC channels.

@note BUTTON0 conflicts with the SPI MISO line. If the SPI

>     module is enabled, the button will be automatically disabled.

Author: I indented the previous @note to 4 spaces instead, which is more common than 6.
